What's the noise?
Wife
Li Heng
Why is my body still burning my heart?
I want to ask you more
Something that lacks success and more than fails
It's not human, it's you who brought it here
You sleep without even seeing anyone
OK, OK, OK.
It must have been plotted.
You've lost your temper with me
You might as well find someone to find him out
No one is allowed to say anything about this.
Hey, you want me not to talk about it?
Miss Li
What do you want?
We've already slept once
I don't think you would mind doing it again hahaha
No one can tell about this.
Miss Tang has an order
dare not obey
Check that there is no surveillance on the floor of the lady.
Haven't you killed yet?
Apply this hatred
I must make you pay back tenfold and hundredfold